the good guy Auto Sales once again here
in st. George Avenue right here in New
Jersey 2006 Honda Civic EX ready to go
this one's a really nice cool for you
and it's actually really priced right to
one hundred and thirty three thousand
miles last has the moonroof you have the
nice alloy wheels rear spoiler plenty of
trunk capacity 60/40 split has all your
tools conveniently stored
as the mud flaps nice car
it's definitely great on gas reliable
and say our bags and the seats there is
room in the back actually to sit for a
compact vehicle all your booklets here
quite a bit of booklets too by the way
look at this even has the wheel locks
from Honda cupholders you have both your
keys are here has a valet and has a
regular transmitter key a little bit of
aluminum trim
also has daytime running lights
ultra low emissions vehicle tu-134 on
the clock like I said has the
speedometer up on the top he's different
you know got that kind of like head-up
display actually I moved the windshield
wipers boys the coolest windshield
wipers out there to the way that they
swing back and forth has the 3 spoke
steering wheel also has the mesh here
very nice and sporty very you know dry
is it makes you want to drive this car
anyway if you need more info give us a
call here at good guy auto sales will
walk onto our website good guide Auto
Sales nj.com